# xlin9488_9103_tut9_final
I chose "interaction" to drive my personal code. The user controls the creation and stopping of random images by mouse clicks, and different animations are triggered by keystrokes, e.g. pressing a creates small rectangles that fall from the top to the bottom, and pressing C clears the canvas.

In my code, the color and position properties of the image are animated. Specifically, small rectangles of random colors fall from top to bottom, simulating the effect of falling leaves. Additionally, random rectangles based on the color of the image are generated by mouse clicks. These animation effects differed from the rest of the group in that our work focused on separate animation properties, with my other group members choosing perlin and audio.

My animation was inspired by the fall foliage effect and some of the color collage effects found in modern art. Since the backstory of this figure is Monet's depiction of the Sanctuary of San Giorgio Maggiore under six lighting conditions. So I thought that suddenly at this point in time some rectangles resembling fallen leaves falling from the air in a colorful way would make this image even more impressive to me. The falling effect and color variations common in static images and GIF animations inspired me to implement in my code small rectangles falling from above with random colors and speeds to create a dynamic visual effect.

My code triggers the animation effect through user interaction. When the user presses the a key, it starts generating small rectangles falling from top to bottom with random colors and positions. When c is pressed, the canvas is cleared and the generation of falling rectangles stops. Mouse clicks control the generation of random rectangles based on image color. Referred to Week 7 Mona Lisa for user input for mouse clicks and keyboard input.I did my undergraduate degree in computer design at the University of Sydney, so I've learnt about p5js before (the courses are Deco 1012,1016,2017,3100, 4 courses in total).


Based on the existing group code, I added interactive features, including mouse clicks and keyboard input. In particular, I implemented the generation of falling random-color rectangles by pressing the a key, the clearing of the canvas by pressing the c key, and the control of the start and stop of random image generation by mouse clicks.
